0. “You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself.” —Harvey S. Firestone

1. “The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem. Do you understand?” —Captain Jack Sparrow

2. “All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” —Walt Disney

3. “There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.” — Beverly Stills

4. “I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.” – Thomas Jefferson

5. “Genius is 10% inspiration, 90% perspiration.” — Thomas Edison

6. “Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” – Jim Ryun

7. “Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated.” — R Collier

8. “It will not happen cutting corners, taking shortcuts or looking for the easy way! There’s only hard work, late nights, early mornings, practice, repetition, study and discipline.” —nimo_wehearit

9. Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. – Dale Carnegie

10. You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have. – Maya Angelou

11. “If you don’t build your dreams, someone will hire you to help build theirs.” —Tony Gaskin

12. “If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” —Milton Berle

13. When your dreams becoming reality, they’re no longer your dreams.” —Hugh Jackman

14. “To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.” —Anatole France

15. “Do not make your goal to be the best. Best is a label. It’s something someone else decides for you. ‘Better’ is more personal.” —Baryshnikov

16. If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it’s only because they do not realize how complicated life is.” —John Von Neumann

17. “None of us is as smart as all of us.” — Ken Blanchard

18. “Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.” – Stephen King, author.

19. “An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.”- Benjamin Franklin

20. When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on. – Franklin D. Roosevelt

21. “Follow your passion. It will lead you to your purpose.” —Oprah

22. “Turning your passion into your job is easier than finding a job that matches your passion.” —Seth Godin

23. “The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.” —James Yorke

24. The road to success is always under construction.” —Lily Tomlin

25. The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.” —Vince Lombardi

26. Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success. – Virat Kohli

27. Through hard work, perseverance and a faith in God, you can live your dreams. – Ben Carson

28. The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. – Vidal Sassoon

29. There are no traffic jams on the extra mile. – Zig Ziglar

30. There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. – Beverly Sills

31. “Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try.” —Gail Devers

32. Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe. – Gail Devers

33. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.  Steve Jobs

34. My mama always said, life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.  Forrest Gump

35. Watch your thoughts, they become words. Watch your words, they become actions. Watch your actions, they become habits. Watch your habits, they become character. Watch your character, it becomes your destiny. Lao Tze

36. When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life or the life of another.  Helen Keller

37. The healthiest response to life is joy.  Deepak Chopra

38. Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.  Lillian Dickson

39. The best portion of a good man's life is his little nameless, unencumbered acts of kindness and of love. William Wordsworth

40. In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on.  Robert Frost

41. Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. Charles Swindoll

42. Keep calm and carry on. Winston Churchil

43. Maybe that's what life is a wink of the eye and winking stars. Jack Kerouac

44. Life is a flower of which love is the honey. Victor Hugo

45. Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. Marilyn Monroe

46. Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. Buddha

47. You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. Dr. Seuss

48. Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain

49. Life would be tragic if it weren't funny. Stephen Hawking

50. Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air. Ralph Waldo Emerson
