0. Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.  Seneca .

1. The purpose of our lives is to be happy. Dalai Lama

2. Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans. John Lennon 

3. Get busy living or get busy dying. Stephen King 

4. You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.  Mae West

5. Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. Thomas A. Edison

6. Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. Grandma Moses

7. Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game. Babe Ruth

8. Money and success don't change people, they merely amplify what is already there.  Will Smith

9. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Steve Jobs

10. Life's tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late.  Benjamin Franklin

11. If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor. Eleanor Roosevelt

12. The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. Henry Ford

13. In order to write about life first you must live it. Ernest Hemingway

14. The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything. Frank Sinatra

15. I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan

16. Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people. Leo Burnett

17. Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced. Soren Kierkegaard

18. The unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates .

19. Turn your wounds into wisdom.  Oprah Winfrey20. The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. Dolly Parton

20. Every moment is a fresh beginning. T.S. Eliot

21. Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as you can.  Hillary Clinton

22. Don't settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something.  Ashton Kutcher

23. Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it'll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off.  Kevin Hart

24. Everything negative,pressure, challenges is all an opportunity for me to rise.  Kobe Bryant

25. I like criticism. It makes you strong.  LeBron James

26. You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak. George Clooney

27. Life imposes things on you that you can't control, but you still have the choice of how you're going to live through this. Celine Dion

28. Life is never easy. There is work to be done and obligations to be met obligations to truth, to justice, and to liberty.  John.F. Kennedy

29. Live for each second without hesitation. Elton John

30. Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.  Albert Einstein

31. Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated.  Confucius

32. Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.  Helen Keller

33. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.  Steve Jobs

34. My mama always said, life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get.  Forrest Gump

35. Watch your thoughts, they become words. Watch your words, they become actions. Watch your actions, they become habits. Watch your habits, they become character. Watch your character, it becomes your destiny. Lao Tze

36. When we do the best we can, we never know what miracle is wrought in our life or the life of another.  Helen Keller

37. The healthiest response to life is joy.  Deepak Chopra

38. Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.  Lillian Dickson

39. The best portion of a good man's life is his little nameless, unencumbered acts of kindness and of love. William Wordsworth

40. In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on.  Robert Frost

41. Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it. Charles Swindoll

42. Keep calm and carry on. Winston Churchil

43. Maybe that's what life is a wink of the eye and winking stars. Jack Kerouac

44. Life is a flower of which love is the honey. Victor Hugo

45. Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about. Marilyn Monroe

46. Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. Buddha

47. You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. Dr. Seuss

48. Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life. Mark Twain

49. Life would be tragic if it weren't funny. Stephen Hawking

50. Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air. Ralph Waldo Emerson